it is a lot to meet this broadcast after
guys I was up front and up top and the
amount of Karen wasn't cables the
internets and tubes a taste made this
kind of thing happen then I think I just
saw Brian jump into a like a phone booth
and put on a Superman suit yeah now he's
actually filming himself so on the line
we have dylan's gathered the line and
the brown a normal escape work goes
behind his Calvin stop in the purple
negative mac lacy on his left and carlos
pacquiao on the very end Carlos afoot
breaker Calvin with the three slide and
Dylan with the big ol heel side it
should be interesting and Angie's curve
we ought to false start there gonna have
to rerun that one maybe it was so close
that they just kicked right into this
thing Louise just screwing with people i
think that if i had a string like that i
would just snap at people all the time
ya ready already and about to get up
yeah there they go yeah therefore my
rabbit bear bear bear right on we're
looking for all bear pitches right here
today mass is raising all tangled up
writers are going for wide everybody
trying to figure out where they're gonna
be Calvin in fourth been coming to
Angie's curves Carla's in front blowing
the entire line with the foot brake oh
yeah the slap that's right in front of
him Carlos lost that Carlos trying to
put his arm on block Dylan but he should
understand that taking up the entire
Road your foot brake is not the way to
go probably push if you don't like it
ran into yeah max got a couple pushes
those were bare pushes wouldn't you say
max got half do that's beautiful so I
was up at the top like I've seen earlier
near be supportive and grab a rabbit
bear bear bear Oh Calvin not letting up
down the straightaway hopefully he's got
to make up the space if he wants to get
to the next round Cullen is definitely
looking to advance Carlos jamming
everybody up opening tuck in this fast
straightaway Calvin having plenty of
time now to close the gap we'll see what
happens with this foot brake coming into
the right-hander because I
slide behind him Calvin doing the early
slide looking for the exit speed down
this last straightaway I would not count
Calvin out no especially if Dylan makes
the pass of some sort it makes Carlos
have to slow down they're both opening
of it look in there Calvin will keep
going as fast as he can become a martyr
can seem a little break Dylan on the
pass come on Calvin we're all rooting
for Calvin here up here the announcer's
booth we got will Royce the guest in the
booth as well zoob did too much I can't
see what's going on in the back Oh
Calvin probably not close enough to do
anything no try as hard as he could one
two three